# DM-Power-Core-Version
A tool for 5th edition Dungeons & Dragons.
### Featuring: *DM-Power*  
* DM-Power-Core-Version uses data from the D&D 5e _Player's Handbook_, _Dungeon Master Guide_, & _Sword Coast Adventurer's guide_.

1. Characters: Get going quick with a streamlined character creation process for PCs or NPCs.
    * **All** Classes and Archetype Paths, Races, Levels, Feats, Skills, Proficiencies, Backgrounds, and Stats
        * Uses all the standard rules and includes some variant options
    * Powerful after creation character **editor**
        * _Level Up_ tool that progresses your character and prompts any options.
        * Allows editing Stats, Character Name, and Alignment
    * **Permanancy**. Load and Save your entire character list. 
        * Load / Save logic subject to change with updates
    * What the character maker doesn't do (yet)
        * Items - you gotta buy your own equipment
        * Spells - tells you how many cantrips, slots, and known spells but you still have to pick your spells
        
2. Magic Item Generator: Figure out treasure and rewards in seconds!
    * All Reward rolling charts from the DMG
        * Magic Items
        * Tells you what the scroll is rather than 'level 2 scroll'
        * Coins, Gems, Valuable Art
        * Scroll Generator - just tell it what level and it gives you a scroll
        
3. Party Experience Calculator - add up as many cr's as you want and then split it with the party. Simple yet effective.

4. Name Generator: 7732 names from Kismet's list randomized! Pick this option and it gives you a random name.


#### How-to compile and run:

1. You will need a c++ compiler. I usually use the latest GNU version but this should work with about any.
2. Use '_qmake dmpower.pro_' to build a makefile, then do '_make_' in terminal. Or use the makefile I've already generated by just typing 'make' in the directory. Or the last option, just type '_g++ -std=c++11 *.cpp -o dmpower_' in terminal.
3. Type '_./dmpower_' in terminal while in the build directory after compiling to run the program.

#### Problems?

* If you run into a problem or something unclear - please open an issue ticket.
* Anything you would like to see added to this program - open a issue ticket with the title FEATURE: in front of the issue name. 

###### About
* Code by 
**_Matthew Jay Early_** 
* Email me at 
_matthewjearly@gmail.com_
* Why? I am a D&D enthusiast and a C++ programmer and needed a project for when I'm not doing classes. I enjoy DMing and wanted a program that did the book work for me so I wouldn't have to book dive in the middle of sessions and hence have faster, more action packed games. I currently run a season based campaign that is streamed on [Twitch - Watchers of Faerun](https://twitch.tv/watchersoffaerun)
* If you found this program useful, consider donating Bitcoin to **support this project** at 1Nwi1GBJtsuo1WQJqK83Ckr5NDJ3zwi5mM
